Crystal Gatwood: Hello.
Crystal Gatwood: Can you hear me okay
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I said, boy, she has saved by the bell, because I'm like, I know she
Richelle Direny: Said 510
Richelle Direny: And then I'm like,
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, I've actually been in the waiting room. So it's like 503
Crystal Gatwood: Well, really. Okay. I apologize.
Richelle Direny: Um, so
Richelle Direny: This is a good point. Then a time, I should say, to kind of stress this point so
Richelle Direny: I know that it's been, I know it's been a while since we've had our individual I know you've been to we've seen each other groups, a few times.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and I know your signal is not always the greatest but
Crystal Gatwood: I'm hoping I got that six
Richelle Direny: Okay, well, so one of the things that
Richelle Direny: From, from an agency standpoint, um, they are the rules. Kind of have always been there but they're becoming a little bit more stricter in terms of like social policy and they're checking policy and every
Crystal Gatwood: Staff
Richelle Direny: I wouldn't say
Crystal Gatwood: That I'm gonna be kicked out.
Richelle Direny: No no no no no you not kicked out. But, um, they're kind of probably
Crystal Gatwood: cringe or something. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: No, no, not kicked out not suspended.
Crystal Gatwood: I know
Crystal Gatwood: Me Down or something, make me like every week and so
Richelle Direny: With your scripts.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah, they're going to cut that they'll cut that back yes so and i and i think you know trying to help that process, not to happen or not process trying to assist you know the people, the patient that I work with, to not let that happen or not let it affect you.
Richelle Direny: I'm just kind of doing my part.
Richelle Direny: We get a reading stress to the point delivering on the point is that if you can
Richelle Direny: Check in early so like you have the appointment today at four, so like the minute I send you the text and I said you know your appointment is at five, six, whatever time
Richelle Direny: On to virtual clinic and just go ahead and check in and they'll give you the number. Oh, you
Richelle Direny: Have for me. You could get the number early
Crystal Gatwood: I did not know.
Richelle Direny: Yes, you could get the number early all you would have to do at your appointment time at that point we'll
Crystal Gatwood: Just
Richelle Direny: Okay, for groups.
Richelle Direny: You may not, you're not going to get the number
Richelle Direny: Early but still check in.
Richelle Direny: Because what they will do is send you the message, the weather by phone number by email, whatever they will send you the number
Richelle Direny: So once you get that number. All you have to do is just come straight to the group. You don't have to go through that long process because like right now, what's happening, what's happening right now is that I don't know your central time or Eastern time, right, is it 528 where you are.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay.
Richelle Direny: What's happening right now.
Richelle Direny: A flood of patients are coming into the
Virtual
Crystal Gatwood: Right.
Richelle Direny: groups and individual. So then you're in a long line waiting
Richelle Direny: So if you check in early then you won't have to be. You don't have to deal with that because if you have to do a a whatever it is that have, you have to do, you wouldn't have to worry about that. At that time, because you
Crystal Gatwood: have room for I usually do like my normal group is tomorrow at
Crystal Gatwood: Noon.
Crystal Gatwood: But I usually do my little survey thing. I started at like 11
Crystal Gatwood: And then
Crystal Gatwood: I check in and I wait. Sometimes all that time, you know, half hour 40 minutes sometimes
Richelle Direny: Yeah, good.
Crystal Gatwood: Number until I get the survey done. Mm hmm.
Crystal Gatwood: But you said they send you the number
Richelle Direny: If you check in early. So if you so maybe at 11 o'clock when you're doing it, you know, maybe because they're different times that a lot of groups are going on.
Richelle Direny: Totally probably one of those times, and a lot of any if you've come to our 12 O'clock group, you can you see how full that group gets
Richelle Direny: So there's three people in our group think about 20 people is in line.
Richelle Direny: And that's what slows down the process. So if to let's say tomorrow in the morning, you get up 910 o'clock and you
Richelle Direny: At 910 o'clock you call in, you're getting all of that out of the way.
Richelle Direny: As I thought at 1130 when the number becomes available. They're sending it to you.
Crystal Gatwood: So they sent a text message. I've never gotten a text message.
Richelle Direny: Either a text or email, how, how do they communicate with you.
Crystal Gatwood: Normally text.
Richelle Direny: Well, you remember, you also change your number. And I did go in and I did update your phone number because I remember us you usually sit know email because I know that you had been trying to get in contact with me and you sent Jamie an email.
Richelle Direny: And then you send that email you sent your new number
Richelle Direny: So I went in your number was updated so maybe they'll send it through text. I don't know how they send it if
Crystal Gatwood: At this time this week, they might. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. So I would suggest, like if you know if you're up by 910 o'clock, just call it call in and just say you're checking in, for your group your noon group.
Richelle Direny: And then they'll you take care of whatever survey, whatever it is that you need to take care of. You'll do it that early and then just come to group of 12 Bill. Bill send you the number you just come up with one
Crystal Gatwood: Is that group still like getting getting really full or has some people went to the Monday or
Richelle Direny: So, so I thought like a large
Richelle Direny: Number of people come to the Monday and they didn't
Crystal Gatwood: So I guess Monday, that's fine. All I just
Crystal Gatwood: Do
Richelle Direny: A lot of people come to the 12 into the six
Richelle Direny: Because that's been the consistent group for a while now.
Richelle Direny: Right.
Richelle Direny: Now we just started the Monday group this past Monday and a whole lot of people didn't come to that group.
Richelle Direny: And so they kind of wipe it
Really
Richelle Direny: That group is at 12
Richelle Direny: But they liked it because it's like there's not enough. There's not a lot of people. I love it. But then
Richelle Direny: You know, um, yeah. Not a lot of people come to that group.
Richelle Direny: Well, given that it's the first group. I'm going to be that's
Richelle Direny: Given that given them the benefit of to that.
Richelle Direny: First group. Yeah. A lot of people didn't show. So, which is fine. But yeah, if it's better for you. But this is the thing. Crystal, you have to be consistent with the groups now they want a minimum of twice a month. So how does doctor or miss Austin fill your medicine medication.
Crystal Gatwood: Every two weeks.
Richelle Direny: Are you on a two week attendance for group.
Crystal Gatwood: Was that
Richelle Direny: Do you come to group every two weeks. Are you coming weekly
Crystal Gatwood: I don't Wednesday.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so if you're coming weekly then um yeah so if you now if you switch to the Monday groups, she will have to kind of work to adjust it so you get it. Every Monday.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah okay some for somehow some reason like even when she like on my Thursday group and she sends it over, but
Crystal Gatwood: When they switched me pharmacies, for some reason this pharmacy is like a little bit different on how they distribute or do their Suboxone, I don't know, but I do. I can't even get them filled until it's normally like Friday or Saturday. It really depends on pharmacist, I swear.
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I, you know,
Richelle Direny: Some people were having
Richelle Direny: Some people were having issues with their
Richelle Direny: With the pharmacy. Do you, where do you go to get your menstrual
Crystal Gatwood: I go to the Kroger, and you Lexington, which I live right beside the north side pharmacy.
Crystal Gatwood: And I guess like it was all good. At first, and then I guess one day they were like, um, what other pharmacy, would you want to go to, because we've been having trouble. And I'm like, oh, okay.
Crystal Gatwood: Oh, I had to go to them pharmacy.
Richelle Direny: Well,
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so like I mean if you're having issues and you need to get switched or what have you. Because if you can't get in out in contact with Natalie, you can always just do
What
Crystal Gatwood: I know
Crystal Gatwood: Somebody else like a girlfriend of mine.
Crystal Gatwood: I got her on to this program as well and and she loves it and everything. And we live in the same town. She goes, the north side pharmacy as well. And she has no problem.
Crystal Gatwood: With the head
Crystal Gatwood: So I'm going to ask
Crystal Gatwood: You to do. I asked, Natalie.
Richelle Direny: You're going to ask Natalie, or if you when you're in virtual clinic, you could speak to Daniel
Crystal Gatwood: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I think, I think. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Feels the scripts to, I think, yeah, that's part of her role.
Crystal Gatwood: Okay, because I don't have a car right now. So less than 10 is highlight. I don't know 10 miles away.
Crystal Gatwood: Whereas I
Crystal Gatwood: Walk to North side. You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. Yeah. Don't talk to them and see. But, you know, I've see I've heard some people getting their medications delivered
Crystal Gatwood: Really
Richelle Direny: Are being I don't know where they are, but I don't
Crystal Gatwood: See it depends on the pharmacy some pharmacies do deliver on your site is one of them. But Kroger's unfortunately is not
Richelle Direny: Oh yeah, and they're not going to live with their red cross the street right
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, there's no sense in it.
Crystal Gatwood: Live from him.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah. I think there's some pharmacies that
Richelle Direny: Deliver so but yeah just just just if whatever issues you're having, you can definitely either, whether it's you speak to Natalie, or you speak to Danielle.
Richelle Direny: Just kind of share whatever the issues you're having and seeing how they can best work with you to help you along with the process. Okay.
Richelle Direny: But it's been a while. First though,
Crystal Gatwood: I know
Richelle Direny: How is everything going even with the little one that are little I'm the one that shows his face and says, hey,
Crystal Gatwood: Yes.
Crystal Gatwood: Things are going, Okay, I just ran into some
Crystal Gatwood: very surprising things over the weekend.
Crystal Gatwood: Which is not not good. Really, so
Richelle Direny: So what happened was, with
The so
Crystal Gatwood: The tires on my car really bad and
Crystal Gatwood: MY SON'S FATHER WAS LIKE, YOU KNOW,
Crystal Gatwood: I seen some tires laying over. There's a car lot I'm not too far away from us, but they always stack, like the tires that come off of the cars, you know, they come in and get new tires on
Crystal Gatwood: They stuck them out of the dumpster.
Or whatever.
Crystal Gatwood: Well,
Crystal Gatwood: We went over there and went through them, or I didn't get out the car. He just went through them and grabbed a couple of them and
Crystal Gatwood: We even had like patch them like they weren't
Crystal Gatwood: Like special tires or anything. Right. And literally got them out of the dumpster beside the dumpster.
Crystal Gatwood: And the next day I had the
Crystal Gatwood: Police knocking on my door.
Crystal Gatwood: And they come in. I'm like, You know what, what's up, what's going on, how can I help you, and he's like well I got good news and bad news. And I was like, okay, he's like, the good news is I'm not taking you to jail. The bad news is you got, like, I have three charges which is
Crystal Gatwood: Criminal trespassing theft.
Crystal Gatwood: And child endangerment.
Richelle Direny: Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: So explain
Crystal Gatwood: It. Unlike one he's like the tires that you took from everywhere. And I'm like, oh my god, I said, this is just a big misunderstanding. I said I would never do that.
Crystal Gatwood: I guess I i was wrong to assume I guess that they were trash or not wanted.
Crystal Gatwood: Um, but
Richelle Direny: So was it like a card you went through to get tired.
Crystal Gatwood: It's like the like there's a little a small, very small car lie like mechanic shop that's like two streets over for me.
Crystal Gatwood: Mm hmm. Well, behind the shop where the dumpster is they had my entire stack back there literally right beside the dumpster.
Crystal Gatwood: And I even like look I parked right in front of the office building, because I seen there was an open sign
Crystal Gatwood: And I get out to knock on the door to even ask if everything if it was okay and then I noticed that the door was locked, so on okay they're not open, but I guess I just assumed to be okay. I mean, to me, they look like junk partners.
Crystal Gatwood: Um,
Crystal Gatwood: I mean, I know many times that I've picked up stuff nice stuff from like nice nice houses or something that had been out by the trash and
Crystal Gatwood: I thought once it was like out in the trash or whatever it was.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm not sure how to say it like not really anybody's property but like
Crystal Gatwood: Do you know I'm trying to say.
Richelle Direny: So it's so you went to, you need a tire. So you need a tires for your vehicle.
Richelle Direny: And so you went
Richelle Direny: To get tires. You saw the tires and you thought it was like abandoned property or whatever in your that was there a sign anywhere that says, Do not trespass.
Richelle Direny: Was like, is it like this abandoned property didn't have like some kind of make sure shift like rat shock house broken down whatever was there anything like that. There
Crystal Gatwood: No, as I say, they're
Crystal Gatwood: Like where they have the cars for sale is like one little building and then they have this tiny little office building.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm about 500 feet like
Richelle Direny: Pretty
Richelle Direny: I'm sorry. Was anybody on the property.
Know,
Richelle Direny: So then, so and and so the child endangerment piece comes in because your child was with you.
Right.
Richelle Direny: So,
Crystal Gatwood: Which that right there tells you. I mean, what kind of mine would take their child to go steal something intentionally like
Richelle Direny: You'll be surprised.
Crystal Gatwood: I obviously didn't
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I know you weren't thinking, yeah.
Richelle Direny: You'll be surprised. You'd be surprised. You'd be surprised by the stories I hear you will be surprised, but this is the thing. I mean, so clearly someone was there because if the cops were called and they
Crystal Gatwood: Can run
Richelle Direny: And so even though it didn't look like much of anything to you the camera picked it up. They watched you do all it all and then
Richelle Direny: They
Richelle Direny: And given that they came to your house. The camera picked up that your, your son was, it was your son. Right.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, which I live in a very small town. I mean, I live right beside the coffee shop as well. So like they know me. They know my car. They know my son.
Crystal Gatwood: They know where I live. You know what I mean. So, once he seen that he was like, oh, I know who that is.
Richelle Direny: So, so what ended up becoming
What ended up becoming
Crystal Gatwood: I got
Crystal Gatwood: Me and him were both charged with the St George's but like
Crystal Gatwood: Because the tires. He took the tires and put them on the vehicle my vehicle got impounded for evidence
Richelle Direny: Hmm.
Richelle Direny: So what's going to end up happening now. Did they in. When did this happen.
Crystal Gatwood: Over the weekend.
Richelle Direny: So what's going to what's the the plan going forward today tell you when you keep come back together.
Crystal Gatwood: No, I haven't heard anything back from that and my court date isn't even until like the end of May.
Richelle Direny: Womb two weeks because the enemy is like in two weeks.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, it's a quarter to seven or something.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, to two weeks to the day action. Today's Wednesday right to two weeks from today. Um, and
Richelle Direny: Is it that you said where they don't tires or just regular tires for your vehicle.
Crystal Gatwood: That they were regular tires that like even one of them. We had to like
Crystal Gatwood: plug a hole. So it's not like they were like in perfect shape anyway.
Crystal Gatwood: You know, I mean,
Richelle Direny: I guess they're just going on it, of the principle of it, like you said, you know, you just assumed
Richelle Direny: Because of
Richelle Direny: You know, the look of things, or what have you just assume then you went and got it. So even if they were, they weren't good yes or no.
Richelle Direny: It's just the principle of it all. I mean, I know that overwhelming. Because then that's your time and that's money that you have to pay into getting your heart out of
Crystal Gatwood: Like, it's not even going to be worth it because like I paid
Crystal Gatwood: Like $200 for the car and I know the impound fee and everything by then it's going to be way more than even pay for the car. So it's like I was just chalk that up. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah that is
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: What did you buy the car from someone
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, I just bought it like
Crystal Gatwood: And April March.
Richelle Direny: Yes, I think I remember you saying that you were working on you wanted to get a car.
Yep.
Richelle Direny: That's what it all.
Hold on.
Richelle Direny: Let me review once
Crystal Gatwood: And so I'm actually
Crystal Gatwood: In the process of writing.
Crystal Gatwood: An apology letter.
Crystal Gatwood: To
Richelle Direny: A part of your thing that when you go to court. You have to give them an apology letter.
Crystal Gatwood: No, no, I'm doing this voluntarily.
Richelle Direny: Individual appointment.
Crystal Gatwood: Forever. I was like, No, I don't want this.
Richelle Direny: Last time was in March.
Richelle Direny: So I'm
Richelle Direny: Now, I think the last time we talked you were in the process of breaking up with your father, son. Right. I mean, WITH YOUR SON'S FATHER.
Crystal Gatwood: Yes.
Richelle Direny: How has that been
Crystal Gatwood: Well Lissa.
Crystal Gatwood: Virus and everything on we actually decided that
Crystal Gatwood: He could stay during the quarantine to that when I had to go to the store, or what have you. I didn't have to drive my son out with me.
Crystal Gatwood: I didn't realize the quarantine or less.
Richelle Direny: You're biting your tongue every day.
Richelle Direny: For let's hope I will pray with you. That doesn't ask two more months.
Richelle Direny: So how has that been for the for the long is how long has it been been
Crystal Gatwood: I think it was like
Crystal Gatwood: Well,
Crystal Gatwood: In the
Crystal Gatwood: Beginning of April, it's business to be in April.
Richelle Direny: April, May.
Richelle Direny: So look, a month and a half.
Richelle Direny: Almost two months.
Crystal Gatwood: Yes, it was like in turn again.
Crystal Gatwood: Well,
Crystal Gatwood: I'm even more mad because it's like, how could he get me into this. How could he do this.
Richelle Direny: What. So how have you been coping with it in terms of
Richelle Direny: What was going on. Prior to the quarantine and how you're coping in dealing with it and why you kind of want
Richelle Direny: Multiple your separate ways. And just the kind of the toxic relationship between you and how it was being reflected in front of your son. How is that now because now like y'all are kind of on lockdown. So it's a little bit different.
Crystal Gatwood: Well, you know, it's
Crystal Gatwood: You know, it's weird how it goes. When you want somebody they don't kind of want you. But when somebody wants you. You're like,
Crystal Gatwood: I'm good.
Crystal Gatwood: Mess.
Crystal Gatwood: With us now.
Crystal Gatwood: Now he wants to be this person that I wanted him to be eight years ago.
Richelle Direny: So the roles has shifted
Crystal Gatwood: Yes tables have turned
Richelle Direny: And the feelings for you has kind of went through and no
Yes.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: So I thought about this kind of concept of what you're saying for a long time. How long has it been for you.
Richelle Direny: Um, that you wanted him and he kind of wasn't where you wanted him to
Crystal Gatwood: I feel like I tried and tried and tried for good. Eight. Eight years
Richelle Direny: And so here comes quarantine. Here comes Miss Rona
Richelle Direny: Miss
Richelle Direny: So many Rona has invited herself into our lives.
Richelle Direny: Yes, and Rona says he got to stay for a bit.
Crystal Gatwood: At a time, though, I thought it would be a good idea.
Richelle Direny: Why did you think it was going to be a good idea.
Crystal Gatwood: Because I didn't know exactly what was going on with the virus, like how bad it was. I just heard about all the deaths. You know what I mean.
Crystal Gatwood: And he was like, you know, in case one of us gets sick, I could say Memphis or blah, blah, you know, and I could be there to help you or vice versa.
Crystal Gatwood: And I didn't want to take this out to stores and blah, blah, blah. And I would have to if nobody was here. You see, I'm saying
Richelle Direny: So now it's just the three of you in the house, or you, you also have an otter, right.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, but she resides with her.
Richelle Direny: So it's just the three of you.
Richelle Direny: And so he said, because
Richelle Direny: The big bad Ronan is here and she looked like she wants to take who she can with home.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You said he kind of recognized Rona, and says, you know what, this is serious.
Richelle Direny: Let me help you out with Memphis.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You still have to do what mommy's. Do you still gotta go out. You still gotta, you know, till the garden you so that's all that. And so he's saying no, I'll stay with Memphis because one of us have to be here for him.
Richelle Direny: To you think that this big bag Rona has kind of made him see life in a different way.
Crystal Gatwood: Um, I do. Plus, you know, the time, the little time that he was in jail.
Crystal Gatwood: No march force.
Richelle Direny: Works. Works.
Richelle Direny: How long was he in
Crystal Gatwood: 18 days, I think.
Richelle Direny: I'm
Crystal Gatwood: Was he
Richelle Direny: Released because of Rona
Crystal Gatwood: No.
Richelle Direny: He was due to leave anywhere.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Out of incarceration for 18 days you're in a new type of incarceration, because
Crystal Gatwood: Yes.
Richelle Direny: When he's in a different, but his this incarceration is better than last incarceration.
Crystal Gatwood: True.
Richelle Direny: And so
Richelle Direny: What hasn't that conversation and I want you to follow the pattern in which I'm taking
Richelle Direny: What has that conversation been because he left from incarceration with a bunch of boots.
Richelle Direny: Now he's in an incarceration with you. M Memphis.
Richelle Direny: People who maybe while for those 18 days he recognized like
Richelle Direny: You think the life that I really want, but this
Richelle Direny: Like so it gives him. So it's kind of like he was in time out for 18 days and he had time to really think
Richelle Direny: What is that conversation been like since he's been home.
Crystal Gatwood: He's been that's when the tables kind of turn
Crystal Gatwood: Like he's although you know I didn't realize how important your word to me and stuff like that.
Crystal Gatwood: But to me, everything I've been through. I'm like, I'm sorry. I'm like, done.
Richelle Direny: You guys eight years under your belt.
Richelle Direny: Eight years. So now that you
Richelle Direny: So now that you've had a come to Jesus moment I would it
Richelle Direny: Is basically what you're saying.
Richelle Direny: I come to Jesus, which you
Richelle Direny: You got it.
Crystal Gatwood: Yes.
Richelle Direny: So,
Crystal Gatwood: This
Richelle Direny: Is reality.
Richelle Direny: And the reason why I said look I've been thinking about this because I see this very concept of what you're saying.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, especially in
There.
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like you
Richelle Direny: You've been pining after this relationship with this person that you've been in for years you're hurting you're broken, you're
Richelle Direny: You're just feeling so emotionally abused and mentally abused and just kind of
Richelle Direny: Where you are
Crystal Gatwood: And you have allowed yourself for years to
Richelle Direny: Go through this
Crystal Gatwood: And then at some point they had this moment.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And they've seen the light. Oh. Hallelujah. I have seen the light
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and I recognize that you want is what I want to be with
Richelle Direny: In those years bitterness setting.
Richelle Direny: Yes, setting hatred set in
Richelle Direny: Every resentment all of its setting for you. It's very hard to
Richelle Direny: Understand your come to Jesus moment.
Crystal Gatwood: Yes, it is.
Very hard.
Crystal Gatwood: And he's just like, how do you not understand. And I'm like, how do you are saying
Richelle Direny: Before is because, listen.
Richelle Direny: A woman can understand these things. A man can understand what they understand we understand where the disconnect is is one of the two opposite sex tried to have this conversation.
Richelle Direny: Because you're speaking
Richelle Direny: From your eight years of hurt.
Richelle Direny: Your years of emotional abandonment.
Richelle Direny: Eight years of all of the things
Richelle Direny: That made me cry myself to see
Richelle Direny: Me for the whole thing's
Richelle Direny: You're coming from that place of not to say that you're 100 reason at the hundred percent reason of my addiction. But you add to some of that you
Richelle Direny: All of the different things that I've gone through and many times, all I needed you to was just be my partner.
Richelle Direny: To just support me. I just need you to do that.
Richelle Direny: And you were so caught up in all the things that you were caught up in
Richelle Direny: Well, now that you had 18 days.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I've been in it for eight years.
Richelle Direny: It's very now I'm ready to throw in the towel.
Crystal Gatwood: Huh, you know, it's like, now that I'm ready to throw in the towel and I'm exhausted.
Richelle Direny: Right when I'm about to throw in the towel.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Right. Right. When I'm starting to recognize that
Richelle Direny: I shouldn't love shouldn't hurt like this.
Richelle Direny: Right love shouldn't make me feel like this.
Richelle Direny: And you've got to that point.
Richelle Direny: Where you kind of want to walk.
Richelle Direny: Question is,
Richelle Direny: Are you allowing your emotion just emotion, because remember like relationships comes with its ups and downs.
Richelle Direny: It has this big bad storms and everything.
Richelle Direny: Are you allowing your emotions.
Richelle Direny: To lead your continuous decision or are you for a moment.
Richelle Direny: Looking at those eight years and seeing how much of those eight years was really just tainted with hurt and pain or how much was there really truly if I stopped to allow myself to think
Richelle Direny: That there were a lot of good moments.
Crystal Gatwood: In
Richelle Direny: And what's going on right now is a, it's a, it's a reflection of some of the things that did happen, those eight years what my hurt is relying me from that.
Richelle Direny: My bitterness.
Richelle Direny: Is blinding me from that.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, and and that's what I told him you know I
Crystal Gatwood: I tried to
Crystal Gatwood: forgive him but
Crystal Gatwood: I have trouble with forgiving.
Crystal Gatwood: I don't know why.
Crystal Gatwood: Part of me is because I feel like you know I treated him so good. How can you do that.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Crystal Gatwood: So,
Crystal Gatwood: And I told him you know you shouldn't have to apologize, every day for those things. I don't want you to have to do that and you should not live with me being bitter and being spiteful to you every day.
Crystal Gatwood: You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: But now, take it back for a moment because there's one thing that she said, I have an issue with forgiving.
Richelle Direny: Your issue with business.
Richelle Direny: Really doesn't have anything to do with him because anybody else that comes into picture and does something to you to you, you're still going to have an issue with forgiving them as well.
Richelle Direny: So that's one thing. The other thing is what you just said.
Richelle Direny: You treated him so good.
Richelle Direny: Well, based on you're treating him good.
Richelle Direny: Was he in a place to be appreciative accepting all that you gave him because it sounds
Richelle Direny: Pretty
Crystal Gatwood: People here.
Richelle Direny: You had your past.
Richelle Direny: Because
Richelle Direny: How many children.
Richelle Direny: Or how long were you in a relationship with your, your daughter's for
Crystal Gatwood: Eight years
Richelle Direny: She's got an eight year track record, my friend.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Think about you as with him for eight years and eight year is our. Is it the same your two kids and a father.
Crystal Gatwood: No different fathers
Richelle Direny: Prior to your daughter. Did you have another long standing relationship.
Crystal Gatwood: And all my relationships have been
Crystal Gatwood: well over a year.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. And
Richelle Direny: In all of your relationships. Do you feel like you poured into them all of the love that you can give all of the care how
Crystal Gatwood: Did you feel like you
Crystal Gatwood: Because it's rare for me to give a man all my trust.
Richelle Direny: Is it because your point.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: Did your father disappoint you.
Crystal Gatwood: assistance from my childhood. Yes.
Richelle Direny: All of these men who come in your life.
Richelle Direny: Not to say they didn't bring their own share of issues.
Richelle Direny: But
Richelle Direny: Every last one of them had to contend
Crystal Gatwood: With
Richelle Direny: All of this hurt that you have dealt with since childhood. That's part of the reason, like you said,
Richelle Direny: It's hard for you to forgive because of your travel trauma that you're still trying to work through
Richelle Direny: And learn how to deal with. So
Richelle Direny: Some of that bitterness. Some of that resentment, some of that all of those things.
Crystal Gatwood: Is
Richelle Direny: A direct relation from what he's brought to the relationship but
Richelle Direny: A lot of it goes back to
Richelle Direny: Your childhood, because what you feel for him. I'm sure you are all these other men that came in your life.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Because you also said you don't have a relationship with your mom right
Richelle Direny: Because your mom didn't do anything to help you through every anything that you went through as a child.
Richelle Direny: Starts with working on you.
Richelle Direny: Because it sounds to me and granted the the intricate details of
Richelle Direny: Why you are, where you are right now as far as it's related to this relationship, but it also sounds like if you were, were you in group on Thursday.
Crystal Gatwood: No, actually I I called in and said I would be in the evening group, but
Crystal Gatwood: Ok so Kim up to an interview and ended up
Crystal Gatwood: Being up there.
Richelle Direny: The reason why I asked you, because in our group on Thursday we talked about
Richelle Direny: Four things
Richelle Direny: What which one resonates with you in which one is meaningful and it said one of them was life is short.
Richelle Direny: One was jobs or temporary health as well.
Richelle Direny: And we need to survive, based on what you're saying to me, his come to Jesus moment was he recognized life is really short family who is what's important and that's
The
Crystal Gatwood: ELYSEE, that life is short.
Richelle Direny: Life is short, but then here it is that he's sounds to me like he's living that life is short hair color.
Richelle Direny: Is causing all this havoc in this work now. No, not a nation. She shut down.
Richelle Direny: And he is reality here is this
Richelle Direny: And this young
Richelle Direny: forbid something happens to one of us.
Richelle Direny: This is not how I want it to go down that we're at odds with each other. And so he it sounds to me in the little that you said about him.
Richelle Direny: That's where he's at.
Richelle Direny: You can appreciate that right now.
Richelle Direny: Because I have eight years of hurt and pain with us.
Richelle Direny: I can't really see what you're seeing
Richelle Direny: And understand what you're seeing
Richelle Direny: Because I have eight years.
Richelle Direny: Of everything that's going on. So it's very hard for you to understand where he's coming from. It's very hard for you to see where he's coming from. So all of any could also be
Richelle Direny: A part of it could also be like if I leave, where am I going to go. How often am I going to is this is only child, he has another child.
Crystal Gatwood: This is Joe. Yes.
Richelle Direny: I go, I'm not this relationship with my son. And so they could be a whole lot of thing.
Richelle Direny: I was in stone for hurt you in the past but
Richelle Direny: Probably TAKING EIGHT DAYS OF timeout.
Richelle Direny: He probably had time and all of that. Maybe that's part of the review so apologetic right now you can appreciate that.
Richelle Direny: Because you are just the epitome
Richelle Direny: Of a man like my dad in my childhood or every other man that has come into my life I given I given I give, I love it, I love it, I love, I care. I care. I care.
Richelle Direny: And all you guys to do
Richelle Direny: Is turn around it hurt me.
Richelle Direny: And that's the part that is was hard for you because
Richelle Direny: What you're doing or could be doing
Richelle Direny: Is running to all these men in your life.
Richelle Direny: That love and affection and care.
Richelle Direny: That you want from that.
Richelle Direny: And when they're not. And no matter how much you do, no matter how much you want that validation, no matter how much you you you give
Richelle Direny: They are not bad.
Richelle Direny: So they are constantly disappointing you because every time you enter to every single one of these relationships.
Richelle Direny: You set the standard high for them and they go meet it. You said it high for them. They already coming. They came into the relationship failing and didn't even know they were failing.
Richelle Direny: It's really truly hard for you able to accept his apology.
Richelle Direny: Here and understand what it's apologies that he's trying to give. And even if he says I will do whatever it takes to make it right for
Richelle Direny: For the sake
Richelle Direny: You what you're hearing is bitterness resentment everything that you're hearing
Richelle Direny: This is like, I'm not trying to hear
Richelle Direny: Because now your heart has already turned
Richelle Direny: 18 days of being away for your turn.
Richelle Direny: My friend, and she showed up my friend showed up.
Richelle Direny: If he asked me, Why are you crying.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm honest okay
Crystal Gatwood: I mean,
Crystal Gatwood: We, how does one forgive
Richelle Direny: It starts with you. Learning to let go.
Richelle Direny: Because
Richelle Direny: The Forgiveness is not for them.
Richelle Direny: Happen.
Richelle Direny: We can talk about it. We can process it.
Richelle Direny: We can talk about how it made you feel and how wrong it was
We can't
Richelle Direny: To be undone.
Richelle Direny: Working through understanding what it means to let go.
Richelle Direny: What it means to forgive
Richelle Direny: And let them go and not letting them.
Richelle Direny: All
Richelle Direny: in bondage.
Crystal Gatwood: Your emotions anyway.
Richelle Direny: So the question is,
Richelle Direny: Does your dad still alive.
Crystal Gatwood: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Do you have a relationship with him.
Crystal Gatwood: I try
Richelle Direny: And what what hinders that for you.
Crystal Gatwood: He works a lot
Richelle Direny: Able to see him.
Richelle Direny: Is it that
Richelle Direny: Just a little bit. If you're able to give in your you know where you are.
Richelle Direny: What is it
Richelle Direny: That is most hurtful for you from your childhoods that keep that get you. You remember that every time you see a man, it makes it very hard for you to forgive. Some of the hurtful things that they do.
Richelle Direny: As we made it to your dad, not so much to your mom.
Richelle Direny: Needed to
Crystal Gatwood: So much. My God, if I mean father figure. It was actually my
Crystal Gatwood: Step Dad, I was molested by stepped out for a few years.
Richelle Direny: And so when you said that you have a relationship. So do you know your biological father, as well as your stepfather. They both in the picture.
Crystal Gatwood: My Bible biological father is in the picture. Yeah, but I don't talk to my mom so
Crystal Gatwood: I know
Crystal Gatwood: my step dad, but she left him when I was like eight
Richelle Direny: Well, after he found out what he was doing, or features mark.
Crystal Gatwood: She just left. I honestly to this day. Don't know if she even knows
Did you ever tell her.
Richelle Direny: She doesn't really know what transpired.
Crystal Gatwood: My dad news. So I'm assuming Michael knows
Richelle Direny: And when your
Dad.
Crystal Gatwood: Go out there.
Crystal Gatwood: Oh, thank you.
Crystal Gatwood: Thank you.
Richelle Direny: When your when your dad knows what was his response and kind of what happened when he found out
Crystal Gatwood: Well, he didn't really say much to me as actually my step mom that asked me about it because I guess my sister.
Crystal Gatwood: Which caught some of it too. But she's older than me. So I think I caught more of it.
Crystal Gatwood: You know me.
Crystal Gatwood: Younger, yes.
Crystal Gatwood: And I went quiet and just never slept around and or anything like that. And my sister went the opposite way. She just went wild, you know, and which I hear is pretty color.
Crystal Gatwood: So she
Crystal Gatwood: Got into addiction herself.
Crystal Gatwood: And she used it against my father.
Crystal Gatwood: A crunch, like, you know, to get money or things like that.
Crystal Gatwood: She wallowed in it, whereas
Crystal Gatwood: I just been quiet.
Richelle Direny: So a lot of it was you. Did you
Richelle Direny: start blaming yourself for you personally did you blame yourself a lot. And did you ever feel like it was your fault. It's something that you did or didn't do. Like was. Was any of those thoughts or emotions and
Crystal Gatwood: I never really felt that it was my fault. Mm hmm.
Crystal Gatwood: I just
Crystal Gatwood: As I grew up, I just realized, you know, the
Crystal Gatwood: Person in
Crystal Gatwood: He wants. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And often times, and this is what was happening, which is
Richelle Direny: Also very common.
Richelle Direny: Become an abuser was once against right
Crystal Gatwood: I understand that. I don't know. I don't understand it to a point, but understand, you know, I've read that, but
Anyway,
Crystal Gatwood: I mean like my situation. I was too but I can never imagine
Crystal Gatwood: Doing that hurting somebody else like that.
Richelle Direny: You know, to say what goes on in the mind of a person. And if that person was supposed to come back and say, everyone will have a different reason. What they share
Richelle Direny: And what goes on in that their minds.
Richelle Direny: To say, which of it is true, it's just basically calling with the consistent census of what everyone says, and
Richelle Direny: It's
Richelle Direny: It's some sense.
Richelle Direny: Of power and control and
Richelle Direny: I remember thinking it was after a while.
Richelle Direny: Have this thought in your head that maybe it was the power in control that they have control over someone that was
Richelle Direny: weaker than them and less or. So this is how you were going to show that you are in control, you have the power.
Richelle Direny: And maybe part of the reason why they convince themselves of such. And why do you think that they do you understand, like you said, you may not understand. It's kind of like, like you said your sister who experienced the same thing. And she was one direction with it, which is quite
Richelle Direny: Difficult
Crystal Gatwood: And then
Richelle Direny: We'll kind of another direction with it.
Richelle Direny: Maybe she got into addiction much heavier than you did because of how she dealt with the mistrust of a man or the abuse and just what it did to her, emotionally, mentally, it's what it did to her. It didn't do the same to you in terms of
Richelle Direny: The physical aspect of it, but your ability to still maintain some degree of self control, emotionally, mentally, and go about it was just
Richelle Direny: A little bit different.
Richelle Direny: And so, like you said, for you you struggle with forgiving.
Richelle Direny: And just not understanding. Like why if he just happened to you. Why would you do it to me if it made you feel like this. Why would you do so now you understand how I'm feeling. So why would you do it. That is the question.
Richelle Direny: But we can like I said we could talk about that all day. You talk about that for months, my thing to you.
Richelle Direny: For giving him.
Richelle Direny: Or for her. Just, just the concept of forgiving. What makes it hard for you. That's the question. What is it that makes it hard for you to forgive
Crystal Gatwood: Me.
Crystal Gatwood: I feel like you ruined my life.
Richelle Direny: He ruined your life and I want you to kind of go, we're going to walk through it slowly.
Richelle Direny: When you think he ruined your life.
Richelle Direny: In what for you in what aspect do you think that he ruined your life. He did, because what he did was a horrible thing. By no means. But I want you to just prophecy
Crystal Gatwood: Well, I mean I suppressed it for
Crystal Gatwood: 20 years. I mean, to the point where
Crystal Gatwood: I didn't even know if it was real.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Crystal Gatwood: It to my daughter actually turn the same age. I was
Crystal Gatwood: She just looks
Crystal Gatwood: She's a Mini Me, though she looks just like me.
Crystal Gatwood: That's what I started
Crystal Gatwood: In just
Crystal Gatwood: Finding out that it was real.
Crystal Gatwood: I find myself having a relationship with my daughter that I should
Richelle Direny: Because you just looked at her as you at that age as one that was being abused and what and I think we talked about this prior when you look at her. What do you see
Richelle Direny: Because we're looking at yourself, you're looking at a reflection of yourself.
Richelle Direny: What is it that you saw in your eyes. What is it that you saw on her.
Richelle Direny: That made it hurt so much. What is it that you saw
Crystal Gatwood: Not even sure it was just like, look at her in certain ways. Either chief looks just like me and it just triggers me and it puts me right back into where
Richelle Direny: Did you see a girl that was just really beautiful and talented and educated
Richelle Direny: Or did you see a girl that was like, that's what I'm saying is
Richelle Direny: That you saw
Richelle Direny: puts you back in that, like, is this what he saw. Is this why he ruined my life instance, why he
Richelle Direny: In my childhood from me when I
Crystal Gatwood: asked myself this very same question. Yes.
Crystal Gatwood: But
Crystal Gatwood: See the way he he he did it was by manipulating me. I was young, you know,
Crystal Gatwood: I you know I trusted him.
Crystal Gatwood: And so
Crystal Gatwood: That's why.
Crystal Gatwood: For me to have to give somebody trust.
Crystal Gatwood: Me wrong. It's just how can I forgive you.
Crystal Gatwood: Know,
Richelle Direny: So you saw in her when you look at her. You saw her innocence.
Richelle Direny: You saw her purity.
Richelle Direny: We saw someone who at that age was maybe could have been easily manipulated and why would you have taken advantage of a child who doesn't really know much and who gives you all their love and respect. Like why would you ruin that yeah
Richelle Direny: And he probably even couldn't answer that question.
So,
Richelle Direny: That's the sad part because a person who was abused as an abuser. He couldn't even answer that question probably could probably can.
Richelle Direny: He doesn't even know why he did what he did or understand, to what degree based on whatever distorted thing that was going. Was he the monster. Yes, he became the monster someone made him.
Richelle Direny: You understand
Richelle Direny: That he says he became a month. Someone made him a monster and he became that monster.
Richelle Direny: And he
Richelle Direny: Looked at
Richelle Direny: Maybe I can have control.
Richelle Direny: She said, I see how much she loves it, she trusts me. I see this glimmer of I can have control over her.
Richelle Direny: And this is
Crystal Gatwood: Like this. Like he already had control.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Crystal Gatwood: Why even go that far.
Richelle Direny: Why, again, he probably couldn't even answer that question.
Crystal Gatwood: I wasn't a bad kid.
Crystal Gatwood: You know,
Richelle Direny: Could you put you remember the categories that I gave you your beautiful, talented smart girl and how old. How old were you
Crystal Gatwood: I believe it started when I was so possibly three, but I remember, for sure. For until I was about eight
Richelle Direny: So complete manipulation. Think about a child. Think about your son right now.
Richelle Direny: How much you can
Richelle Direny: No matter what you do if you yell at your son.
Richelle Direny: And you say, baby. Come here. I'm sorry, what is he going to do
Richelle Direny: Crying it all, he's gonna come right back to you.
Right.
Richelle Direny: Because of how innocent, he is at that age in their innocence is unreal. They're pretty unreal. You get you. There's an age where you come at all that because what they who they are at that age. Anyone that shows them the love and affection.
Richelle Direny: That's what hey you know what you're showing me love and affection.
Richelle Direny: For this, this is what happens. And you're right. He had that degree of control and he abused it
Richelle Direny: Has and even at that age.
Richelle Direny: You're probably so afraid of him because your soul shaken by it that you're not going to tell anybody.
Richelle Direny: Just so distorted like I can't believe something like this happened, why would he do this.
Richelle Direny: Because you know what
Richelle Direny: Some of the monster was taught to become this monster because of something that happened to them.
Richelle Direny: And so here it is.
Richelle Direny: He probably sat
Richelle Direny: And try to figure it out.
Richelle Direny: And what he came up with this distortion.
Richelle Direny: distorted sense of view or how can I control and then he did what he did and he held back control and then depending on the involvement of your mom. And he did it for both you and your sister development or your mom.
Richelle Direny: She really involved. Well, she always leaving guys whatever she was whatever was going on with her. Maybe in that time back then.
Richelle Direny: It was free reign
Richelle Direny: Because maybe the love and respect that you and your maybe had for him. Maybe how he came on the scene. So your mom relinquished her all of our trust to him. And here is that he put
Richelle Direny: In this way,
Richelle Direny: Yeah, he probably
Richelle Direny: I think what we have to work on is like you said it's learning how, how do you forgive
Richelle Direny: How do you work on forgiving, so that I can release myself because emotionally that emotional trauma is was taking taking captive
Richelle Direny: That it's so hard to forgive work generally trying to be there for you and help you and not harm you or hurt you.
Richelle Direny: Like I've had relationships come with all of its set of issues.
Richelle Direny: But there are certain things you're unable to get past simply because you don't know how to
Richelle Direny: let things go in the end. And I don't want to say let it go like forget it, like it never happened because it did happen, but it's not allowing it to have domination over you.
Richelle Direny: Because the combination that is having over you. It's affecting all these other aspects of your life.
Richelle Direny: It's holding your mind captive where you're not able to see past certain things.
Richelle Direny: Simply because of this hurt and pain that happened 20 some odd years ago. It's hard for you.
Richelle Direny: It's hard for you to just kind of get through because you still hold on to the memories and the hurt and the pain of everything that happened to you when you were younger.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: He's nowhere.
Richelle Direny: He's not so he came out of your life at what the age of eight.
Richelle Direny: Was it ever recorded. Oh, you said that you don't think your mom but your dad knew. Did your dad reported or your set mom report it.
Crystal Gatwood: So,
Richelle Direny: You don't think
Richelle Direny: It mean for you.
Richelle Direny: Just for a moment. I want you to think what would it mean for you if you
Richelle Direny: If you relinquish that
Richelle Direny: If you say, I forgive you.
Richelle Direny: Use the words what it would be good for you.
Crystal Gatwood: What it would mean for me.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. Or how do you look at forgiveness. Let me ask it that way.
Crystal Gatwood: It's simply, it's very hard for me to, it's a it's a
Crystal Gatwood: I don't want you to get there with me because I don't know how to do it.
Richelle Direny: When you mean
Crystal Gatwood: Like
Crystal Gatwood: I don't want people to get to where I need to forgive them for something
Richelle Direny: But in your mind when you think about forgiveness. What does it what does that mean for you personally
Richelle Direny: Not what the word forgiveness me but for you.
Crystal Gatwood: You're not really sure I'm not good at it.
Richelle Direny: Means that
Richelle Direny: We're giving a person
Richelle Direny: If you feeling like you're telling them it was okay.
Crystal Gatwood: Maybe
Richelle Direny: If that's what it is. That's one part because you tell you
Richelle Direny: That's why it will be hard because you are
Richelle Direny: Thinking that by saying I forgive you. You are saying to them that it's okay or not okay what they did. So you're not gonna, I'm not gonna tell you that I forgive you.
Richelle Direny: Because it means that telling you it's okay what you did put stuff that's not
Crystal Gatwood: That's not what you're doing.
Richelle Direny: And that's why it's hard for you to forgive, because in your mind. You feel like
Richelle Direny: You should be punished for what you did. You should have retribution for what you did all of these things I want to see you suffer and if I tell you I forgive you. You're not going to go through that you're not going to feel how I felt.
Richelle Direny: And so maybe could be hot dogs my car. So it's understanding why forgiveness is so hard.
Richelle Direny: If I come in I step on your toes.
Crystal Gatwood: And I see. I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: You're not going to say I forgive you.
Richelle Direny: Because you feel like
Richelle Direny: I did it intentionally did it on purpose. So why should I forgive you for it.
Richelle Direny: It's how you look at the situation is your perception of it.
Richelle Direny: The perception of the word. And what does. Where do
Crystal Gatwood: I have to check it.
Crystal Gatwood: Out that way, but
Richelle Direny: I forgive you for being
Richelle Direny: And not so great friend.
Richelle Direny: I forgive me, because
Richelle Direny: Maybe you never really understood what it meant to be a good friend. I forgive you.
Richelle Direny: Because maybe I set the bar too high for you. I forgive you.
Richelle Direny: And me seeing all of this is making me feel better because now
Crystal Gatwood: I'll
Give you
Richelle Direny: And because I forgive you.
Richelle Direny: I know that we can't continue.
Richelle Direny: Doing what they're doing, because I'm not. I'm no longer going to give you have that power.
Richelle Direny: Walking away.
With forgiveness.
Crystal Gatwood: Very
Crystal Gatwood: Definitely something I need to work on.
Crystal Gatwood: That it's not like I'm angry. It's not like if somebody would step on my toes. Not like I'd be like, you know, all you did that purposely if you're like if I'm disrespected
Crystal Gatwood: I might have one thing
Crystal Gatwood: We're
Crystal Gatwood: Taking for full or
Richelle Direny: Fat
Richelle Direny: And so even though I give you that example in your mind, you need to conceptualize that
Richelle Direny: I didn't intentionally step on your toes.
Richelle Direny: And so if you know that I didn't intentionally do it you will forgive
Richelle Direny: In a disrespectful way.
Richelle Direny: That's when so it's based on how you see it.
Richelle Direny: Right. How you feel about it.
Richelle Direny: And so that's why we have to understand the concept is how you see it and how you feel about it.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Let's I want us to to continue and we're going to work on that. In terms of
Richelle Direny: Your treatment plan is ending
Richelle Direny: What it means
Richelle Direny: I think working on that.
Richelle Direny: We meet
Richelle Direny: We're going to kind of look at it from different angles and break it apart.
Crystal Gatwood: Okay.
Richelle Direny: I want you to do.
Crystal Gatwood: It again.
Richelle Direny: I want to meet with you next week. Let me see, let me see my calendar. Hold on, I want you to
Richelle Direny: I want you to
Crystal Gatwood: Say,
Richelle Direny: I forgive you, your
Richelle Direny: Wife. You're forgiving.
Richelle Direny: Loving you
Richelle Direny: The way you
Richelle Direny: Think about what I say I forgive you for not loving you, the way you should be loved, because this is a struggle with low self.
Crystal Gatwood: Okay.
Richelle Direny: I forgive you. I want you to if you
Richelle Direny: Journal. What did it feel like in that moment to even say that
Richelle Direny: Like for you like the most
Richelle Direny: You like
Richelle Direny: Even say I forgive you.
Richelle Direny: For not loving you, the way that I should
Richelle Direny: And understanding the depth.
Richelle Direny: You think I'm forgiving you for not doing that and what came along with that. Why weren't you able to love yourself, what were the circumstances surrounding it based on that past life experiences and in situations understanding why that isn't important.
Richelle Direny: Or best for you. Right.
Crystal Gatwood: They tend to be
Crystal Gatwood: Women
Crystal Gatwood: Yes.
Crystal Gatwood: Next Wednesday.
The 20th
Crystal Gatwood: For
Richelle Direny: A reminder
Richelle Direny: I'll see you next time.
Richelle Direny: Or six
Crystal Gatwood: To 12
Richelle Direny: All right then crystal.
Richelle Direny: See you then.
Crystal Gatwood: Tomorrow. Thank you.
Richelle Direny: You're welcome. Bye.